<p><b><a href="http://cubicleconcepts.com" title="Used Office Furniture Chicago">Used Office Furniture Chicago</a><p>In our world today, the office environment is commonplace. There are many different kinds of offices across the world, but they all are made up of the same basic elements in order to function properly. Because the bottom line is important, many times the creativity and color are sapped from these surroundings, but some small companies are beginning to understand the need for a balance and are improving the dull and straight-laced environments that encompass most offices these days. Offices are made up of work spaces, meeting spaces, and support spaces. Some small offices these days have eliminated the assistant role and outsourced a virtual assistant, they can help with many processes and streamline many as well in addition to saving space in your office for other things. You will still need great desks for your employees, check out <a href="http://cubicleconcepts.com" title="Used Office Furniture Chicago">Used Office Furniture Chicago</a>.</p>
<p>Work spaces make up the space in an office where an employee will spend most of their day. It may be a corner office or a cubicle, or could even be a team workspace where several employees sit around a large table in order to collaborate better. Cubicles are probably the most common these days, it offers a bit more in the way of privacy and storage options that can help us be more efficient. There are these and any combination of the few options listed here can lead to a very unique workplace.</p>
<p>Meeting spaces are where people in the company can meet with each other or prospective clients. These can be large stuffy boardrooms with lots of Mahogany and high tech display options, or a small table for informal meetings that would only take a few minutes. You can also count the bosses office as a meeting space as well, but he has a big private office usually so the content of those conversations will stay private as well.</p>
<p>Support spaces contain all the other important parts of the office, a room to eat lunch in, store all the files your company produces and has to keep track of, and other storage places are examples of this. In more liberal offices you might have a game room. Visit <a href="http://cubicleconcepts.com" title="Used Office Furniture Chicago">Used Office Furniture Chicago</a>, for more ideas.</p>

